README.md, before:

# Robotics 1

|                | Available | Last Update |
| -------------- | --------- | ----------- |
| Exams          | Yes       | 2021        |
| Homework       | No        | ---         |
| Notes          | Yes       | 2022 Mar    |
| Scripts Matlab | Yes       | 2021 Feb    |
| Scripts_v2     | Yes       | 2021 Dec    |
| Slides         | Yes       | 2019        |

# Website of the course

| Course Site                                                                                                                            | Last Update |
| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------- |
| [http://www.diag.uniroma1.it/~deluca/rob1_en/material_rob1_en.html](http://www.diag.uniroma1.it/~deluca/rob1_en/material_rob1_en.html) | 2021        |



## Requirements for scripts

MATLAB for students

* [link to have MATLAB](https://it.mathworks.com/academia/tah-portal/sapienza-universita-di-roma-40576534.html)

Commit message:

R1: Update README.md with useful repo
Signed-off-by: Gianmarco Scarano <gianmarcoscarano@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# Robotics 1

|                | Available | Last Update |
| -------------- | --------- | ----------- |
| Exams          | Yes       | 2021        |
| Homework       | No        | ---         |
| Notes          | Yes       | 2022 Mar    |
| Scripts Matlab | Yes       | 2021 Feb    |
| Scripts_v2     | Yes       | 2021 Dec    |
| Slides         | Yes       | 2019        |

# Website of the course

| Course Site                                                                                                                            | Last Update |
| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------- |
| [http://www.diag.uniroma1.it/~deluca/rob1_en/material_rob1_en.html](http://www.diag.uniroma1.it/~deluca/rob1_en/material_rob1_en.html) | 2024        |

> _NOTE_: Another useful repo about Robotics I (A.Y. 23-24) which contains exam scripts, helpful functions and a PDF guide for starting exercises can be found at [this](https://github.com/MartinaDoku2001/robotics1_scripts) link. 

## Requirements for scripts

MATLAB for students

* [Link to have MATLAB](https://it.mathworks.com/academia/tah-portal/sapienza-universita-di-roma-40576534.html)
